What's the problem?
Not really. No, actually.
Little brother, I'm afraid you don't know
Know what?
Oh, this time the birthday banquet is a private banquet
Then there is no Qin Jiang of the Hou family
Still can't get in
I'm afraid it's uncomfortable to see you like this
Do you think I don't have an invitation?
Just like you
Look at you wearing this dress
I'll tell you what.
If you have an invitation
My last name is bah
Take the money
Exactly.
Miss Liang Shaowu
Welcome. Welcome.
I didn't expect Liang Shao, your body hasn't healed yet
Going to my father's birthday party later
I thank you both for coming on behalf of my father
Miss Hou is welcome.
Please come in
Miss Hou
How is Miss Hou's physical condition?
How dare you come to my house?
Tell my dad
Very good.
Miss Hou, think about it carefully.
I have no grudge against you
Why did you say it?
I came today.
I'm just worried about your health.
Wei Zheng Liangming
I haven't seen a doctor in a few days
It's the key flag. It's not good. I've changed the routine.
To approach Miss Hou
Yes, Miss Hou, you have to be careful of him
He was a rapist!
Powerless Tomorrow
Have you forgotten
That day at the antique store
How did you get out of there in disgrace?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Miss Huang, I want you to take me to see the fire dragon
Otherwise
Luo Lao's body allows us to call it everything
No big talk